China has been attempting to keep their
currency in The Sweet Spot of booming
exports while maintaining value in a
foreign exchange and domestic usage
Bitcoin has been used by many as a way
to safely transport their currency out
of Yuan with capital controls being ever
present and tracking technology becoming
more pervasive people have been more
Savvy about their methods where there is
a natural boom however there are those
looking to gamble you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you
today we will have our focus on China
and Bitcoin obviously they're making big
news recently we're looking at Bitcoin
in China crashing 40% and big changes
have been made so let's get to it right
away just want to show you this little
chart here showing you the uh price that
has come about recently and you will see
obvious the that took place on the 5th
of January and now it is several $100
below that high and it is uh this
happens to be
bitcoin.org very good site if you're uh
into Bitcoin just to see where
everything is at at this time and then I
wanted to show you this just basically
the market itself the Bitcoin Market
it's pie charger showing you who it
split between essentially uh three
companies China's Bitcoin exchange
quietly made policy updates overnight
I'm not going to read you the whole
thing I just wanted you to know that
there have been changes that have been
made China's major Bitcoin exchanges
halted or otherwise updated their
lending based Bitcoin trading Services
first reported by China based Bitcoin
Traders and Market observers and they
appear to have quietly adjusted their
terms though only btcc had moved to
issue a formal comment confirming the
changes they get into it in here but
essentially what we are looking at is I
believe in part to sort
of prevent any sort of speculation or
reduce the amount of speculation and
we've seen this taking place uh in other
markets not just Bitcoin but it seems to
be that when you allow speculation it
will take place that's just the way it
is when you allow margins when you allow
things to take place like the
derivatives you see those expand and
that's just a natural force you know
give people the opportunity and they
will surely take it there's much more
going on here we're just covering the
basics okay this individual is talking
about building up his personal Fortune
of more than 2 million Yuan he worked at
this inter internet company and he saw
most of that wealth Go Up in Smoke on
January 5th when China's Bitcoin Market
crashed sing the price of the virtual
currency plunging 40% in just a few
hours after
lunch
so let's say this would happen to you
and you owned a particular stock or
commodity or whatever that was and you
thought okay it's going down it's down
10% it's down 20% I'm going to sell I'm
going to sell I'm going to log into my
account let me just try and log in here
oh wait a minute wait a minute it's
giving me a message I can't log in well
what the hell am I going to do I'm going
to phone them I'm going to call them oh
sorry sir but the exchange has uh
prevented you from logging in
intentionally there's a little problem
right now you can't get your money out
you can't do anything with your trades
and unfortunately the value is still
declining this will happen not not not
talking about Bitcoin I'm talking about
markets okay there will be markets that
you will be left out of your money
that's why I'm so scared of the people
that do shorting because they say look
everything is going to hell I realize
that so I'm going to short the market
this is a way to potentially make a lot
of money I'm not disagreeing with that
but what if you get locked out that is a
huge concern that is not being discussed
and that's the one reason why I'm not
suggesting people short the
market there's more in here basically
what they said was that because he was
unable to log in his account on the
biggest platform for Bitcoin he could
not sell his Holdings or top up his
principal to meet the Margin Call by the
time he logged in most of the Bitcoins
in his account had been
compulsorily sold off by the
company
and the the way this works see that they
made that decision for him I mean he
couldn't log in it's not like it was his
own doing that he forgot about it or
whatever he was not allowed to log in
what happens if that was your you know
Apple stock or Amazon stock you'd be a
pretty pissed off person I'm not going
to deny
that now speculation look at this
derivatives products leverage betting
and program trading okay it's starting
to look a lot like the different
exchanges of you know the foreign
exchanges and uh all the others
derivatives I mean come on appear to be
spreading in the largely unregulated
Bitcoin Market such practices are
thought to be responsible for pushing up
the price by more than
260% since early 2016 I don't believe
that it is just this that's going on I
mean more people are definitely involved
in Bitcoin right now I think it is
definitely more stable than it was prior
to 2013 but there cannot be this
speculation to be allowed I want to know
your thoughts on that I'm not an expert
on bitcoin that's for sure I know you
guys know that but I just don't like to
see speculation I like to see people
organically going in and investing in it
using it as a method of transfer using
it and sharing their opinions on it
while um there is the Bitcoin mining
happening all that while things are
becoming more steady and stable but when
you allow something like a derivative I
mean that's garbage can't allow that in
there if you want this to be something
that the other markets are not let's see
what we can do uh in terms of that look
at this here as you see Chinese leaders
meeting in Davos Elite as voters revolt
and all I have to say for this is
basically the fact that China is getting
definitely more attention here as time
goes on being included in the IMF basket
we are seeing them really being more
have a more prominent role in uh the New
World Order that's all I wanted to say
for that we'll we'll see what happens
with the whole Davos World economic
Forum um
meetings the US this is interesting the
US should prepare for a military Clash
that's according to the statun Chinese
Tablo
newspaper what I would say uh about this
all I want to say is that basically the
nominee US Secretary of State Rex
Tillerson said that he wanted a blockade
of the South China Sea there's been a
lot of tension around that there's been
a lot of problems that have gone on
because of this and to have a blockade
is in fact a declaration of
war this right here would ultimately
send the world into World War III
perhaps temporarily a cold war could
expand very quickly as you
know to suggest that is very dangerous I
hope that doesn't go uh that way but the
fact that they're saying prepare for a
clash is threatening words there that's
coming from statun media it's not coming
from the state itself of course and then
we have an issue that is always um
something that I worry about and that is
a YouTube channel of influential
conservative politics and law website
legal Insurrection has removed by
YouTube cting copy citing copyright
infringement claims how many times have
I talked about this how many times have
I done videos about this copyright
infringement is going to get a lot of
people shut down now it might come back
up sure might not be a problem you might
get your channel back but you get one
strike against you and what happens
after it happens again and again and
again this is the problem now yes they
were using copy content but claiming
that it was in fair use and I tell
people all the time do not use copyright
content because they're just going to
flip a switch and there are going to be
a whole bunch of your favorite channels
shut down all of the images that you see
that I use for the screenshots are
pictures that I've taken myself so of
course I have to sort of stretch the
imagination a little bit sometimes but
it's something that I can claim it's my
own I took the picture myself there
never going to shut me down as a result
of that I do use articles and perhaps
one day they'll say that's not allowed
either but nothing on the screenshot and
I don't show videos that is a big no no
because the there's audio in there and
the audio is uh being uh read and um
being read by the algorithms of uh
Google and YouTube and they're able to
determine that it is copyright content
this is just one of many that have
happened and I say once again do not use
copyright content if you want your
channel to stay
up and if you found the video
informative then you'll definitely find
my book The Money GPS even more
informative you can actually look
through the book If you go over to
Amazon where they have a look inside
feature that will allow you to flip
through the pages of the book and see if
you like it take care